# First blog post

Here's the table of contents:

1. Why I'm writing a blog
2. Word vomit/maybe book review
{:toc}

## Why I'm writing a blog

tldr: experiential learning is best plus i wanna program better

Let's go back to the beginning of my life as a wee lad. I loved to read and get lost in books but math never held the same sway over me. Reading about math was fun and when I fully understood something computation was an easy way to hit a flow. But at the same time, there was one gigantic flaw. I now know a semi-intelligible name for this flaw whcih I will say "is it n or n+1"? Meaning, when you do 20-15 you get 5 (now let's do this in python cuz y not): 

```python
# prints "5"
print(20-15)
```

Here we go. We have 5. But what about days of the month? Sometimes (and even now I can feel my collar getting hot) you would subtract the 21st of November from the 17th of November and get 4 or 5. I guess a more specific way of looking at it is like numerical error because of lack of precision or whatever but to be honest I came across this once in elementary school, I never asked, and it haunted me for the rest of my life. The anxiety persisted and the avoidance began. Oh well no use crying over spilled milk. Here we are now. Same Timmy only with way more knowledge about a lot more stuff. But the anxiety of math sorta persists? But now it's been replaced by "Oh i didn't study this in college so I have no right to speak in that language". This is not egalite! So I must submit myself to more sadistic studying in the hope that if I bow my head I will be annointed and not beheaded. I also might just go learn Haskell cuz I drank too much PG/Leibniz kool aid and want to legitimate myself.
