# The masculine urge to gamble my life away

When i was a young boy, i asked my dad about his job. he told me that he was an emerging market bonds broker. I asked him a million times to explain what that meant and to be honest i never once understood him. As I got older, I read more books and understood even less. Not even saying that fictiously, I read the classic books about random walk, brownian motion, dispelling the myths of technical analysis, and more. But the more you read the more you get exposed to heterodox beliefs and the less you trust. "Chartism" is now actually real as momentum has become an established factor. Black-Scholes was BS because they predicated their models on normal distributions and forgot that math is only an approximation of reality but everyone already knew it's a rule of thumb so it's facile as a critique. Ioannidis came out with most published research findings are false which threw me to even deeper (and unhealthy) levels of epistemic skepiticism. This is all to say what exactly. Well, more than anytihng I wish I had a more solid foundation in math. But beside that reality hit me over the head with the fact that indeed people do know what they are doing and you should have a bit of fatih.  Faith not in people of course but faith in a higher power becuase holy shit people will be disappointing.

Anyway, enough about me. Let's use this post to explore the Kelly Criterion and remind myself about MCMC and HMC and how tf it works. Cuz tbh I should know how it works I've read most of ISLR a couple times and even took a class about these topics but the class was in Spanish and I wasn't fluent at the time. I can only bitterly laugh at how ridiculous I sound. At least it's funny to me.

--work in progress--
